♪ ♪
♪ Follow me down ♪
♪ To the Astral Ocean ♪
Thank you.
♪ Where we can be something ♪
♪ That you want to save ♪
♪ Follow me down ♪
♪ To the Astral Ocean ♪
♪ Where we can be something
that you want to save... ♪
- Being a detective is-
the lines between us and them,
good guys and bad guys,
perp and victim.
Hey, uh, you must've
drunk-texted me.
There's no party here.
There's... nobody here.
Um...
call me back
before my phone dies, okay?
Then there are the lines
we draw to protect ourselves:
rules, protocol.
It's about not crossing
those lines...
because when you do...
...bad things can happen.
Nine years ago,
I witnessed
my mother's murder.
I would have been killed, too,
if it hadn't been for Vincent.
I was part of an experimental
Special Forces group.
Their goal was to create
the perfect supersoldier.
They made us stronger,
faster, better.
But something went wrong.
They gave orders
to kill us all.
Somehow I survived and have
been in hiding ever since.
Until a case brought me
back to him
but also alerted the group
that experimented on him.
Now we're both in danger.
And our best chance at survival
is if we save each other.
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Heather, hey.
You are looking at,
potentially,
the new second assistant
at Pierce London PR.
I thought you were staying
at Brian's tonight.
Well... I decided
to surprise you with
some spicy tuna from Haru.
So, what is all of this?
Oh,
I, uh... I guess
I was just feeling
a little nostalgic.
You know,
with Dad's engagement
and everything.
But that is
so sweet of you.
Oh, it's...
the least I can do. You've been
letting me crash here.
Oh!
Oh, my gosh!
Look at us
at Camp Moose Pine.
Remember how homesick I was?
Yep.
You'd tuck me in every night
and read me bedtime stories
until I fell asleep.
This belongs on the fridge.
Heather...
that last year with Mom--
I was away at college,
but you were home.
Did you notice anything weird?
Define "weird."
Like, were there any new
people in her life?
Did you overhear any
odd conversations?
Okay, this does not
feel nostalgic.
I think I might
have some new
information on Mom's case.
Mom's case
has been closed for nine years.
Yes, but...
you know it never made
any sense to me.
The police
said it was
a carjacking, but...
those guys came at us
like hired killers.
Cat, you also thought
you saw a beast.
Look...
what you went through
that night,
I can't even imagine.
But maybe it's time to leave
the past in the past.
Ow.
JT?
Of course. It's you.
Did you not see the fence?
You guys don't
have a doorbell,
and I need to
talk to Vincent.
No. You don't.
You need to stay away.
That's what barbed wire means.
JT, I-I found something
of my mom's.
Then put it in a
scrapbook and leave.
No, it's one of her old
research papers.
She was an
infectious diseases doctor.
Every other paper of hers
is about parasites
and viruses.
This?
This is about splicing DNA...
or something.
I-I don't fully understand it,
but I...
No, what you don't fully
understand is that
we have managed to
stay off the grid
for nine years.
Everyone thinks he's dead.
Then you show up,
and people start dying.
People were dying before.
Like my mom.
Vincent was a part of
their DNA-altering experiment.
He's a doctor, he might know
if it's related.
I'm a biochemist.
I say it's not.
JT, please, just...
give this to him.
Chandler.
You brought a cell phone here?
Yeah, I'll be right there.
Why not a flashing neon sign?
"Vincent Keller lives here."
Who are you making yourself
look so pretty for?
And if I said you?
That would be nice,
especially since the other woman
I'm here to see
doesn't have a pulse.
You missed a spot.
Don't you have work to do?
And it's all over your knees.
Will you guys get it
over with already?
And be another notch
on his belt?
Besides, we work together.
And who are you to dish it out,
Miss I'm-on-a-Man-Cleanse?
Just saying,
two of my five brothers met
their wives on the force.
And now how about meeting
your victim?
Love when the boss is
in such a cheery mood.
What do you
want me to say?
"Nice nonregulation
earrings"?
What, we can't go out?
Name's Gemma Parker, age 22,
danced for the Bertrand
Ballet Company.
ID'd her off her cell phone,
which we recovered
along with the body.
The company's housed in the
top floors of this building.
Security?
No cameras, no guards.
Unis are canvassing
for witnesses.
What about the woman
who called it in?
She provided the time
of death, along with
the party of the year
was on 10th Avenue
instead of 10th Street.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, Gemma?
Excuse me, Miss.
Oh, my God, what happened?
Wait over here.
I came... I came
to meet her to rehearse.
I'm sorry. You are...?
I'm...
I'm Victoria Hansen.
I'm her understudy.
What?
Did she fall?
We're not sure yet.
Last time you
spoke with her,
did she seem upset or depressed?
I...
I mean...
she was stressed...
She's dancing Odette
in Swan Lake,
It's, like...
the hardest variations
in ballet
and she was struggling,
but...
Why?
You think she jumped?
Excuse me a minute.
Defensive wounds.
Bruises to the face,
cut to the scalp.
So she was fighting
someone off?
Is that what you were doing?
When you were rolling
around in the dirt?
I was not "rolling,"
I tripped.
Look, understudy makes
it sound like
she could've been primed
for suicide.
What do you weigh?
What?
You're probably the same size.
What, a buck two?
Based on the height
of the building
and how far into the street
she landed,
understudy was right
about something.
This was no accident.
Okay, coroner's office
ruled out
accidental death,
so we're looking at a suicide
or homicide.
Perimeter's secure,
so we need to do a sweep of the
building, see what we can find.
Steadman, Grant, you take
the first three floors.
Newman, Moore, next three.
Chandler, Vargas,
theater and above.
Let's go.
Where is that
coming from?
This must be where she was rehearsing.
Music's still on.
Window's open.
Money's still in her wallet.
There's no sign of
a struggle in here.
I'm gonna keep going.
Shh, it's okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
Vincent, what the hell?
I heard you were
looking for me.
Okay, you can't just show up
at my place like that anymore.
Says the guy disturbing
my crime scene.
It's dangerous.
Yeah, and JT might come at
me with a bat again.
I read your mom's paper.
And?
It's about genetic therapy
for dengue fever.
It's got nothing to do with
the experiments they did on me
or her murder.
Then why were those guys
following her?
Were they Muirfield?
Catherine, don't...
Was she working on some
other research for them?
I don't know.
But you told me that
they were tracking her.
Yes, so you would know
it wasn't your fault
and you would stop
pursuing this.
No, but it means
that you know more
than you're telling me.
I know that woman is lying.
What?!
The other dancer
you interviewed.
How long have you been up here?
Her pupils
were dilated, she was sweating,
I could hear her pulse racing.
You could
hear her pulse racing,
from all the way up here?
Yeah.
Okay, well...
maybe her pulse was racing
because she just found
out her friend died.
Just trying to help.
Vincent, I need help
with my mom's case.
No, okay? You are
playing with fire.
These people from Muirfield--
they will not stop
until they've buried me
and anyone who knows about me.
So it did have to
do with Muirfield.
Cat?
Blood, torn leotard.
I don't think
she jumped.
This girl was up here
with someone.
Yeah, she was.
♪ Beauty and the Beast 1x02 ♪
Proceed With Caution
Original Air Date on October 18, 2012
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Smoke?
No, thank you,
and from the looks
of Gemma's lungs,
she didn't, either.
Looked like a smoking lounge.
So what was she doing
up there so late?
Taking in the view?
Wasn't exactly a novelty.
She'd been at the company
four years.
Maybe she was with someone
she knew,
and they got into an argument,
which would explain this--
the cut on her scalp.
It matches the end
of this hairpin.
But there are no cells on it,
which means, though,
there has to be another one.
Killer could have taken it.
And she had a powder
on her hands.
Could be makeup?
Missing hairpin and makeup.
Sound like a catfight to you?
Victoria Hansen.
When you talked to her,
did you get her alibi?
She was at home getting ready to
go to the studio,
but no one was with
her to corroborate.
According to the company
Web site, she played
Odette last year.
And now she's the understudy?
Did it seem like
she was lying to you?
Yeah, it always seems
like they're lying.
♪ ♪
So, Victoria has
her old role back?
I begged the board
to postpone the show,
but financially, they said
we just can't take the hit.
Mr. Bertrand,
as Artistic Director,
you obviously
worked closely
with both Gemma
and Victoria.
What was
their relationship like?
Oh, they were like sisters.
Sisters can be competitive.
Especially given
Victoria's demotion.
Demotion?
No, she broke her toe.
It sounds minor.
It's a devastating injury.
She had to leave the city
for almost a year to recover.
It's not so devastating
that she can't dance Odette now.
Look, Victoria didn't have
to kill anyone.
The role was already hers.
We were just waiting
for her to make a full recovery.
Wait. You mean, Gemma was only
a temporary Odette?
That was no secret to anyone,
including both
the girls.
Could there have been
another rivalry between them?
Maybe a boyfriend?
No, neither of them. I would know.
The girls are
here 24/seven,
which is why I was
pushing the board
to pay for a
security system.
Anyone... Thank you.
Thanks.
...can just wander
off the street.
Well, actually, one theory is,
this is someone Gemma knew.
We're gonna need you
to show us her locker.
From the look on
your face, I take it
there's usually
stuff in here.
Overflowing.
I don't understand.
Did anyone else have access?
Not that I'm aware of.
Maybe she gave her combo
to somebody.
Like a sister?
Maybe someone threw
her things out.
They're fresh.
Yeah, the only time I toss
fresh flowers is when they're
from someone I don't like.
Do you feel something powdery?
You're good, Chandler.
Powder on her hands
was lily pollen.
She got flowers
from someone she didn't like
right before she died.
Ex-boyfriend?
Overbearing stage mom?
Her parents live in Ohio,
and so far, no indication
of a boyfriend.
Thanks.
Well, blood work says
she had something.
We found Mifepristone
in her system.
Do you just use big words
to make me feel dumb?
It's a medication,
which, at these low doses,
is used
as the Morning After Pill.
And no, it's to impress you.
Well, what would impress me more
is if you could tell me
how Victoria fits in.
Ah, sticking
with your catfight theory.
Maybe it was, like--
I don't know--
a love triangle gone wrong?
Those never seem
to work out, do they?
♪ I walk on through
these streets every night ♪
♪ Walk through people
who walk too close ♪
♪ Into each other
they're hanging... ♪
I didn't want to
get hit by a bat,
and I'm not here about my mom.
So, working theory is,
secret boyfriend
but they're deli lilies,
so they're untraceable.
You want a drink or something?
No, I want to figure out
how Victoria fits into all this.
Her alibi is weak,
but she has no motive.
Don't you have a partner
to talk to about all this?
You're the one
who said she was lying.
You're the one who said
her pulse was racing
because her friend died.
Okay, so,
is she guilty, or is she just
trying to cover something up?
A lie's a lie, okay?
Just like you say you're
here about your case,
when you're really
just wanting
information about your mom.
What, my pulse is racing, too?
A little.
I swear,
I used to be a normal person.
Well, from where I stand,
you seem pretty normal.
Well, so much
for your super-senses.
I saw this, um...
old photo from camp yesterday.
Couldn't even
recognize myself.
You know, ever since
that day, I...
I can't let it go.
Just the thought
that the people responsible for
killing my mom are out there.
Can't recognize myself, either.
Look at your hair.
Yeah.
Ah.
I thought I heard squealing.
You owe me
$29.99 for this lumbar pack.
Can I, uh...?
Yeah.
I'll be right back.
You were supposed
to deal with this.
It's not about her mom.
Oh, great. So now she's just
dropping by for some chit-chat?
JT, relax.
Relax?
Yeah.
Don't tell me to relax.
I don't tell you to relax.
You were gonna make sure
she never came back here.
And it's not just Muirfield
I'm worried about.
She's not going
to expose us.
I'm talking about you.
You look like you're about
to make her a playlist in there.
Come on, JT. We were
talking about a case.
It doesn't matter
what you were talking about.
You know what happened last time
you were busy
making playlists.
And this would be worse.
She's a cop.
Yeah, okay, well,
this isn't last time.
All good?
Yeah.
So... who are they?
Just guys.
Were they part of... ?
Yeah.
Will you tell me
about them?
Like...
Like this guy-- who is he?
That's Ray.
We used to call
him Pammy Sue.
His girlfriend back home.
He would always
talk about her.
Convinced she was cheating.
Was she?
He never got to find out.
Vincent, you ever thought
about coming forward?
About what Muirfield did?
You're kidding, right?
No, we could investigate them.
No, we are not
investigating anything.
But this photo-- it proves
that it wasn't just you.
Do you not understand yet
what these people
from Muirfield can do?
Okay, but if we did this right,
you could come out of hiding.
You could tell me
what you know about my mom.
And it comes back
to your mother.
Okay, yes, they were
from Muirfield--
the men that were
tracking her.
That is all that I know.
Then we can work together
to get these guys.
I have access to databases,
classified information...
Catherine, I'm a criminal.
You're a victim.
Don't you have some ballerina's
secret boyfriend to track down?
Yeah, maybe focus on that
instead of starting
a whole movement.
So I haven't been
totally honest.
Hey. My man-cleanse.
I was on a date
the other night.
Yeah, your earrings
kind of gave you away.
I just... I can't help it.
I broke the diet.
Well, unlike you,
I cannot find any evidence
that Gemma had a boyfriend.
It's not a boyfriend.
Or why she took
that Morning After Pill.
She dating a platoon?
Um... pop-up.
But I did find something.
Gemma's Facebook page.
In the last six weeks,
there are 22 posts from some
guy named Allen Arabesque.
Arabesque?
That is not a real name.
"You even make drinking
your latte seem graceful."
"You looked smokin'
in those red
jeans today."
God, this guy sounds
like a stalker.
I'd toss flowers
from him, too.
Well, let's talk to I.T.,
see if we can figure out
where this Mr. Arabesque
is posting from.
The IP address
matches the computer at
the Bertrand Ballet Company.
Secret stalker at work?
Well, explains how he knew
her day-to-day so well.
We cross-referenced
everyone's time cards
with those postings.
The only employee
there every time
was Julio Ramirez,
the janitor.
So what's your theory?
He came forward,
confessed his feelings.
Gave her lilies.
She rejected him, he killed her.
He would have had
access to her locker.
Maybe he was looking
for those red jeans.
Sounds like you two
should go find Julio.
Julio wasn't even working
that night.
He has Zumba class on Tuesday.
You sure he went?
I'm not.
Ma, I'm home
and I'm starving.
We're in here, hijo.
Easy, pal.
Hey!
- Move.
- Aah!
I'll take this way.
Where's my picture?
Vincent.
Now, where is it?
I left it in
my office.
I was going to
give it back.
Look, you say
you're a criminal,
but you're a victim,
just like my mom.
That picture is not
about your mother.
No, it's about you
and it's about those
guys in your unit--
Raymond, Matthew, Eric.
I ran it through
facial recognition.
Are you insane?
It is evidence.
Muirfield tracks everything.
Okay...
I have to go.
You think I just want
to show up here,
put you and me both
in jeopardy
if I don't have to?
Vincent, I am trying to
help; that's what I do.
Help who, Catherine--
me, JT?
And those guys in your unit.
Oh, Raymond?
Well, his parents thinks
their son died a hero.
You want to tell them
that they turned him
into a killing machine?
And JT, you know,
he has risked his life
the past decade
trying to hide me
in a warehouse.
You shouldn't have to hide.
That's why we have
to build a case.
I am not one of your cases!
Vincent, this was
a huge injustice.
Stop!
Cat, I've got
the perp.
Sorry.
There you are.
You okay?
You're shaking.
Yeah, just winded.
Julio, we just spoke to the Y.
They confirmed you were
at the 8:15 Zumba class
the night Gemma was murdered.
I told you,
I didn't do anything.
That's not entirely true.
You stole her things,
and I think
you did it
because you cared.
I just wanted something
to remind me of her.
She was the only person
who spoke to me there.
Did you give her
flowers, too?
No.
Julio, you kept
pretty good tabs on Gemma.
Did you see
or hear
anything
that might help us figure out
who did this to her?
I don't know what
it was about,
but, but a few days
before she died,
she went to a
police station.
How do you know?
I followed her.
She seemed upset.
Which precinct?
27th and Chelsea, near
the ballet studio.
Sign-in sheet says
she walks in at 8:40.
There she is.
Is that Victoria?
Ooh, Gemma
does not look
happy to see her.
Gemma never filed
a complaint.
Maybe Victoria's trying
to talk her out of it.
Tess, this is dated
four days ago.
That's the same day Gemma
got the Morning After Pill prescription.
So she had sex
and then went to a precinct.
Sexual assault.
Yeah, we should talk
to that desk clerk,
see if she heard
anything.
Do you mind taking
care of that?
There's something I
need to follow up on.
Yeah, go do
what you have to do.
Hey.
I-I parked far away, I left
all of my electronics at work.
Come on in.
Okay, okay.
I'll... I'll only be
a few minutes.
No worries.
May I get you something--
water, soda,
turkey sandwich?
I think the turkey's
still good.
What's the cut-off--
five days?
What's going on?
The turkey or...?
Oh, you mean this?
Where is everything?
I'm assuming with him.
Which is where?
I have no idea, but wherever it is,
it's safer than here,
where you keep showing up.
Okay, JT, please,
I just need to...
What, see him again?
Look around.
This is not
a subtle hint.
He doesn't want
to see you again.
Not only do I not know
where he is,
I don't even know when
or if he's coming back,
so... see yourself out.
Us again.
You have a minute?
Yeah, of course.
I heard you guys think
this is a murder.
Victoria, did you
and Gemma have any issues or
arguments just before she died?
No.
I mean...
she'd been on me about these
crazy diets I've been on,
and I guess I got defensive.
But when I was out with my toe,
I gained, like, 15 pounds.
And Gemma felt
the need
to report that
to the police?
Or was this
about a sexual assault?
Okay...
look... I don't really know
what happened.
That's why I didn't mention it.
Who's the guy?
I don't know.
When I went to meet her
at the precinct,
she was so emotional,
I could barely understand
a word she was saying.
So you talked her out
of reporting anything?
No.
No, she's the one
who wanted to leave.
And you let her,
knowing what
this was about?
You know,
Gemma got those exact same
flowers the day she died.
Who gave you those?
I don't remember.
We get flowers all the time.
That picture is from,
like, last year.
Were they from Joshua?
Yeah, I just spoke
to the desk clerk
at Precinct 27,
and she didn't hear
anything about pressure,
but she did say
you and Gemma
were arguing about some guy
named Joshua.
I don't know a Joshua.
Desk clerk
must have heard wrong.
All right.
Well, if you remember
things differently,
give us a call.
Yeah.
So I guess
we go back over everything.
Yeah, maybe try to lip-read
the precinct footage,
'cause now she really
seems like she's lying.
Yeah, she does.
Cat, I'm moving
back to Dad's.
What?!
It's just all
this stuff--
the, the board,
the boxes.
I don't want to
remember Mom like that.
I didn't mean
for you to see that.
I'll keep it in my room.
But it-it's
more than that.
After Mom,
I felt kind of like
I lost you, too.
It's work.
Yeah.
I'll just be two seconds, okay?
Chandler.
Detective Chandler,
it's Larry from I.T.
Hi, Larry,
how's my computer looking?
Well, I... I don't know
what you did,
but it triggered
some nasty malware.
The entire hard drive
has been wiped clean.
I ran it
through facial recognition.
Are you insane?
Muirfield tracks everything.
Can we tell where it's from?
I doubt it.
This is
some seriously bad-ass stuff.
This is like the Ebola
of malwares.
You should get in here,
tell me what's important,
I'll see if I can salvage it.
Oh, my God.
Are you okay?
I am so sorry.
Vincent?
It's okay.
I'm okay.
Want me to call the cops?
I am the cops.
Victim shows signs
of lacerations
and subcutaneous
hematoma,
indicating blunt force trauma
to the head and neck.
I jumped out to help him, he came right
at me-- classic mugging scam.
No visible chest
or torso injuries,
no evidence
of clinical fractures.
You were off duty, right?
Yeah.
Oh, he caught you
while your guard was down.
I thought it was up.
And there were
no weapons involved?
No, I used the force necessary
to defend myself.
He fell backwards,
must have hit his head
on the back of the car.
Cortex appears to be lacerated.
Guess that's why
bikers should wear helmets,
even if they are muggers.
Yeah, but
to cause this kind of impact,
for somebody who's a buck two,
you must have
really been working out.
Adrenaline kicked in.
Evan, I obviously didn't mean
for this to happen.
No, of course not.
It's just...
Are you sure that you did this?
Yes.
Why would I lie about it?
- Hey.
You okay?
Mm-hmm.
You sure?
Yes.
Evan... so, what am I telling
Internal Affairs?
That it was self-defense.
I've been thinking about
the lines we cross for
the people we care about.
Like telling a lie,
or going too far,
no matter who else gets hurt.
Who could be that
important to you, Victoria?
A secret boyfriend
named Joshua?
There is no boyfriend
named Joshua.
No boyfriend, but
there is a Joshua.
We remembered
your toe injury.
Most athletes--
they get hurt,
they sit on
the sidelines
and watch,
but you moved away.
For almost a year.
And you gained
15 pounds doing it.
You know, we, um... we
subpoenaed your medical records.
Your doctor wasn't
an orthopedist.
She was an OB.
You were pregnant.
That's who Joshua is.
He's your son.
And those lilies--
you got yours last year,
right around the time
Joshua was conceived.
Gemma got the same ones after
she was sexually assaulted.
That's what the fight in
the precinct was about.
Gemma wanted
to come forward, but...
No, he's a player,
but he's not...
He doesn't have
to force himself on anyone.
Maybe with Gemma, he did.
And maybe
he pushed her off that roof
to keep her quiet.
I didn't want to believe...
After she went to the precinct,
I told him what she was saying.
He swore it wasn't true.
I didn't have a father
growing up.
I didn't want that for Joshua.
I was just trying
to protect my son.
He did it, didn't he?
Who, Victoria?
Who's Joshua's father?
Strong center.
Support.
Soft fingers.
Mr. Bertrand, we need
to speak with you outside.
I'm in the middle
of rehearsal.
We spoke to Victoria Hansen.
Put your hands
behind your back.
This is ridiculous.
We found Gemma's hairpin in the
Dumpster outside your apartment.
Yours and her
DNA are on it.
You're under arrest for the
rape and murder of Gemma Parker.
Anything you say can
and will be used against you...
The thing is,
it's hard to always stay
inside the lines.
So we do the best we can.
Ah.
What, do you have a
tracking device on me now?
Your TA said
you couldn't give a lecture
without your skinny
caramel macchiato.
I wanted to return this.
And if you do see him again,
maybe you could give this
to him, too?
I'm sorry I screwed things up
for you guys.
I didn't realize
you were leaving today.
Figure I get
a jump start on Plan B.
Oh, um, I have
your key for you.
I don't want you
to go.
The boxes, the board--
I shouldn't have
left them out.
She was your mom, too.
It's okay.
No, it's not.
I want to get back
to where we were.
You don't have to.
I am not just
saying it.
Do you have a hickey?
No, no, this is
a work injury.
Oh.
But if it's ever
anything that exciting,
I promise I'll tell you.
Please stay.
I'll go unpack.
Okay.
And next week's sushi is on me.
Twist my arm.
But somewhere along the way,
I forgot that
if you care about someone,
you need to pay attention
to their lines, too.
♪ Black flies
on the windowsill ♪
♪ That we are, that we are,
that we are to know... ♪
I didn't know
where else to meet.
♪ No man is an island... ♪
Vincent, I'm sorry
I took the photo.
You've been betrayed
by so many people,
and then I go and...
Cross the line?
♪ Maybe you were the ocean... ♪
I read your four-
page manifesto--
well, at least the
first two pages, anyway.
Okay, look,
you were right.
I haven't been thinking
about anyone but myself.
I have been...
so consumed
with trying to figure out
who did this
that I push people away.
I turn them into a case.
♪ And every story
must grow old... ♪
But... I won't
bother you anymore.
This time, for real, you can
go back to the warehouse,
and I promise that I will
never say anything to anyone.
That'd be great.
Yeah.
But as much as I keep
saying "Stay away""
I keep showing up, too.
You know, the
truth is...
I don't really have
anyone to contact.
You know, I mean, there's
JT, but that's JT.
♪ But can't you see? ♪
♪ Maybe you were the ocean... ♪
And, uh...
♪ When I was just a stone... ♪
...you've seen me when I
don't want anyone to see me,
and you still
haven't run.
♪ No man is an island... ♪
Looks like you haven't run
from me either.
♪ This I know... ♪
Can we start over?
♪ But can't you see? ♪
Yeah.
Like I said,
being a detective
is all about drawing lines,
but being human--
I think maybe
it's about knowing how and when
to cross them... together.
♪ ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org